well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so uh tonight we're going to talk about
the president of the united states the
commander-in-chief
a wild wild allegation
believability and treason
at the end of the day believability is
all that matters to be honest
but we'll get there
an allegation has surfaced
made against the president of the united
states
that is just wild it is wild
it has been called a gross dereliction
of duty
gross inaction cowardice
treason now if you don't know what the
allegation
is just to clue you in um
it has been reported that the president
of the united states
received an intelligence assessment
months ago
indicating that russian intelligence
was operating in afghanistan and
attempting to incentivize attacks
against american soldiers
and that he just looked the other way
and
responded in no way whatsoever
wow i know sounds like treason it's not
let me go ahead and tell you that now
it's not legally speaking
it's not um the legal definition of
treason in the united states
is so narrow that you i mean you pretty
much have to try
to commit it um that's why
president trump's accusation against
president obama
is so laughable this
looking the other way while americans
get hit
that's not treason under the law now
in general conversation if somebody
could be like that's treasonous
you wouldn't hear an argument from me
but it's not that legally speaking
okay so the allegations been made now
what
people are already manning the battle
stations
coming up with uh
excuses for the president's actions or
inactions
uh you know the funny thing about it
and this is going to be real important
later is that
nobody's saying it's not true
they're just trying to justify it we'll
see what was going on
was you know he wanted to get out of
afghanistan so bad and they were just
acceptable losses yeah that sounds great
but that's proven you've got no idea
what's going on over there
there was a peace deal in the works
these attacks would serve to derail it
that's why russia would be doing
something like this
to keep us bogged down and a quagmire
sap our military might
it is completely believable that russian
intelligence would do this
okay it is completely believable
that trump would look the other way
that's why people are already attempting
to justify it
because they don't want to look dumb and
say well he didn't do that and then of
course find out
later on that he did so they're just
trying to justify the behavior now
just get out in front of it
i'm going to suggest that the argument
over whether or not it happened the way
it's being reported
i'm going to suggest that that argument
doesn't matter
at all it's completely irrelevant
whether or not this allegation is true
this allegation is so wild that it
should be unbelievable
but it's not it's not because the
president has shown time and time again
that he only cares about himself
shown time and time again that pretty
much any action he takes on the
international stage
benefits russia it's completely
believable
that should be enough the fact that when
this report came out
nobody doubted it
that should be enough the president of
the united states
does not have the confidence of the
american people
an allegation that should be dismissed
out of hand
is just being just unbelievable
there's no way this could be true isn't
it's not being dismissed because it
probably is true
as he hugs the american flag
i would suggest that it does not matter
at all
whether or not it's true just the fact
that it was believable
should be enough for him to resign
and certainly for him to not be
reelected
if the republican party hands him the
nomination
they own this they own this
they've owned everything else that this
administration has done
and they've co-signed it all this
something that you have to get into the
technicalities
about whether or not it's treason
give them the nomination again
i would like to point out that it is
completely believable
that the president of the united states
mobilized
on a national level to protect statues
of dead racists
but couldn't mobilize to protect
american soldiers
serving overseas in months
this wasn't something that was just in
the heat of the battle
something that just
got away from him months
not even a diplomatic protest
the kremlin didn't know about it until
they were asked
by reporters
they said nobody had made that
accusation but they would respond if
somebody did
that's the state of the presidency today
and it is because we have elected a man
who is unbelievable
a man who has a track record of lying
openly
so much that it's
completely within the realm of
possibility
that he would choose to allow american
soldiers to die
so he didn't have to admit he's wrong
so he didn't have to uh take a hit in
the polls
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night